# Hello, I'm Fang Fang

Welcome to my personal webpage! After graduating with a B.S. degree in physics from USTC, I moved to UC Berkeley to continue my path as an experimental physics researcher, under the supervision of Prof. Dan Stamper-Kurn. My Ph.D. study has been focused on spin excitations in Bose-Einstein condensate and cold atomic mixtures. I was fascinated and still impressed by the level of precision we can control and manipulate atoms and molecules via modern experimental atomic, molecular and optics (AMO) techniques. I received my Ph.D. degree in physics on Dec 2019. After the pandemic, I moved to Harvard University as a postdoc researcher, collaborating with Prof. Norman Yao and Prof. Kang-Kuen Ni. I switched my research focus from cold bulk atomic gas to single atom held in optical tweezer. This well-controlled atom array is an excellent candidate for quantum simulation and computation. With a newly-built quantum simulator based on cesium atoms, I conducted research on probing critical phenomena via adiabatic state preparation method. This website contains a series of products and achievements of myself as a scientist, as well as extracurricular activities as a manga-fan, an enthusiast of painting and street dancing (Recent!).

## Research highlight

### Project: Magnons 
Degenerate spinor Bose-Einstein condensate is a clean, controllable, and rich system to explore critical phenomena and symmetry breaking. These gases are magnetic and have a spin. Upon condensation, they align themselves to each other. This alignment breaks the global rotational symmetry, introducing low energy excitations corresponding to spin fluctuations or spin waves. These excitations can be viewed as quasi-particles called magnons. I have done and been involved in a series of researches on characterizing the dispersion relation of magnons, using them as coolant and thermometer for the majority condensate and finally, condensing them in a box-like potential naturally formed by the interplay of optical trapping and mean field repulsion from the majority condensate.
